# Unskilled-Labour-Hire-System
Unskilled labour hire system is an application which helps the customer to hire unskilled workers for different services like cleaning the surroundings, farming, ploughing, etc. This  will help customers to easily find worker who are willing to do any work. It also help workers to find their works easy. This system contains an admin who control over all functions like approving workers and supervisors registration, take measures to fulfil  the customer's requests, contacting the supervisors, etc. For each work a supervisor is chosen by admin.If he is unwilling to work then another supervisor is chosen. The second user in this system is supervisor. Supervisor is a group of user who can  hire a team of workers, contact them for upcoming  works  according to  details given by  customers. They should supervise  these worker’s works. The third user are the workers. They can register and login to view notifications of the upcoming works and its details. The final users are the customer who wish to book for the services. After booking the service they can contact supervisor, view worker’s profile, etc. The team doesn’t stay forever. After their assigned work is done that team is dismissed.  

## INTRODUCTION 
  Main objective of Unskilled labour hire system is to help the customer to hire unskilled workers for different services like cleaning the surroundings, farming, ploughing, etc. This will help customers to easily find worker who are willing to do any work. It also help workers to find their works easy.This system contains an admin who control overall functions like approving worker’s and supervisor's registrations, take measures to fulfil the customer's requests, contacting the supervisors, etc.  The second user in this system is supervisor. is a group of users can register and login,view works forwarded by admin,view accepted work details,etc. For each work the work detail is forwarded to all supervisor by admin.If he is willing to work then the supervisor can accept the work and then work details are forwarded to the workers. Supervisor The third users are the workers. They can register and login to view notifications of the upcoming works and its details. The final users are the customer who wish to book for the services. After booking the service they can view work status, view worker’s profile, etc. The team of workers doesn’t stay forever. After their assigned work is completed that team is dismissed.  

  This system will help Customers get workers who are willing to do anytype of work and also customer is provided with workers  details and id proof number for knowing more about them.Here   customers doesn't have to take supervising responsibility a supervisor is assign for each team.Workers are provided with works  most of the time which is solve the difficult of finding work in their day tob day life.If they don’t want to work then they can ignore the work notification.They can accept work according to their will.

